Feature/rewrite recheck web usage (#75)
retest/docs: docs/recheck-web/introduction/usage.md

		user.sendKeys( "invalid" ); // Type an invalid password

		final WebElement login = driver.findElement( By.id( "login" )); // Find the login button
		login.click(); // Press the button to initiate the login process

		// Wait for login to happen by using WebDriverWait or similar to stabilize your page

		final WebElement error = driver.findElement( By.id( "error" ) ); // Find the error text next to the login buttn
		assertThat( error.getText() ).isEqualTo( "Invalid user or password!" ); // Check if the text says user

		assertThat( user.getAttribute("value") ).isEmpty(); // Check if the user has been cleared
		assertThat( password.getAttribute( "value" ) ).isEmpty(); // Check if the password has been cleared
	}
}
```

Transforming this test using ***recheck*** and the [***recheck-junit-jupiter-extension***](https://github.com/retest/recheck-junit-jupiter-extension) is fairly easy, following the basic [***recheck*** usage](../../recheck/introduction/usage.md). Just create and configure your `Recheck` instance and replace all your assertions with the `Recheck#check` method by passing in your `WebDriver` and naming the check respectively.

> ```java hl_lines="1 4 9 24"

Reviewer: This is cool, didn't know about it.

Author: That comes from an [extension](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/extensions/codehilite/#highlighting-specific-lines) to mkdocs-material.

@ExtendWith( RecheckExtension.class ) // Add the extension that will perform the lifecycle
class LoginTest {

	Recheck re;
	WebDriver driver;

	@BeforeEach
	void setUp() {
		re = new RecheckImpl(); // Create the recheck instance
		driver = new ChromeDriver(); // Create your driver
	}

	@AfterEach
	void tearDown() {
		driver.quit(); // Close your driver after the test
	}

	@Test
	void login_with_invalid_credentials_should_produce_error_message_and_clear_inputs() throws Exception {

> 		...

Reviewer: To avoid weird highlighting:

```suggestion
		// ...
```

> 		// Wait for login to happen by using WebDriverWait or similar to stabilize your page

Reviewer: I think you can also remove this.

Author: I provided this so that the user has context on where to put the check. Secondly I want to emphasize that you still need to stabilize the web application. I also added a sentence above to make my intention clearer.

> 		re.check( driver, "invalid-login" ); // Check for your

Reviewer: "Check for your"?

	}
}
```

## Unbreakable tests

> However, these tests are still brittle and break easily. If any of the identifiers change (as shown below), Selenium is not able to find the specified element `By.id( "user")` and your whole test breaks with a `NoSuchElementFoundException`, even though this change is irrelevant for the user as the `id` is never shown. For more information, please visit [this page](../postpone-test-breakage.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, these tests are still brittle and break easily. If any `id` changes (as shown below), Selenium is not able to find the specified element `By.id( "user")` and your whole test breaks with a `NoSuchElementFoundException`&mdash;even though this change is irrelevant for the user as the `id` is never shown. For more information, please visit [this page](../postpone-test-breakage.md).
```

```diff
-   <input type="text" id="user">
+   <input type="text" id="input-user">
```

To make your test nearly unbreakable, use the `UnbreakableDriver` provided by ***recheck-web***.

```java hl_lines="3 4"
@BeforeEach
void setUp() {
	re = new RecheckWebImpl(); // Take care that you take the specialized 'RecheckWebImpl' 
	driver = new UnbreakableDriver( new ChromeDriver() ); // Wrap your driver in a 'UnbreakableDriver' to enable nearly unbreakable tests
}
```

!!! warning
	Be sure to use a `Recheck**Web**Impl` with a `UnbreakableDriver`. The standard `RecheckImpl` is not capable of making your tests unbreakable.

!!! note
	In order for this feature to work, a Golden Master must have been created before in order to find the element in question.

## Implicit checking

> The above example has&mdash;by design&mdash;a major flaw: While it checks the end result to see if the login has been denied due to a wrong password, it never actually checks if any user input has happened or if it was performed in the correct input fields. 

Reviewer: More general?

```suggestion
The above example&mdash;by design&mdash;has a major flaw: while it checks the end result to see if the login has been denied due to a wrong password, you don't know what happens up until your actual check.
```

> You could go ahead and do an explicit check after each check, but that is where implicit checking is superior as it does the same, but without writing code. Just perform the action and ***recheck-web*** will perform the checking in the background. This removes not only the need for assertions, but moreover does the checking transparently.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You could go ahead and do an explicit check after each action, but this is where _implicit_ checking comes in handy. It does the same, but without writing code. Just perform the action and ***recheck-web*** will perform the checking in the background. This removes not only the need for assertions, but moreover does the checking transparently.
```

> Consider the example above where a invalid login is performed with the following actions: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consider the example above where an invalid login is performed with the following actions: 
```

> 1. Type user `"admin"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Type user "admin".
```

> 2. Type password `"invalid"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Type password "invalid".
```

3. Click login.

This will create three checks after each action has been executed.

```java hl_lines="1 8"
@ExtendWith( RecheckExtension.class ) // Add the extension that will perform the lifecycle
class LoginTest {

	WebDriver driver;

	@BeforeEach
	void setUp() {

> 		driver = new AutocheckingRecheckDriver( new ChromeDriver() ); // Wrap your driver in a 'AutocheckingRecheckDriver' to enable implicit checking

Reviewer: Why single quotes around `AutocheckingRecheckDriver`?

	}

	@AfterEach
	void tearDown() {
		driver.quit(); // Close your driver after the test
	}

	@Test
	void login_with_invalid_credentials_should_produce_error_message_and_clear_inputs() throws Exception {
		driver.get( "https://example.com" ); // Go to your login page

		final WebElement user = driver.findElement( By.id( "user" ) ); // Find the user input element
		user.sendKeys( "admin" ); // Type the user 'admin', this will perform a check

		final WebElement password = driver.findElement( By.id( "user" ) ); // Find the password input element
		user.sendKeys( "invalid" ); // Type an invalid password, this will perform a check

		final WebElement login = driver.findElement( By.id( "login" ) ); // Find the login button
		login.click(); // Press the button to initiate the login process, this will perform a check
	}
}
```

!!! warning
	Do not forget to call the lifecycle or let a test extension do it for you.

!!! warning

> 	Do not mix implicit and explicit checking, as this will produce unexpected results. Thus be sure to remove the `Recheck` instance from your test code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	Do not mix implicit and explicit checking as this will produce unexpected results. Thus, be sure to remove the `Recheck` instance from your test code.
```

## RecheckDriver

`RecheckDriver` combines all the above mentioned ***recheck-web*** features:

> 1. No assertions

Reviewer: Above you end each item with a period, pick one style please.

3. Implicit checking

Use this class if you automatically want to incorporate new features without changing your existing test class.

```java hl_lines="1 8"
@ExtendWith( RecheckExtension.class ) // Add the extension that will perform the lifecycle
class LoginTest {

	WebDriver driver;

	@BeforeEach
	void setUp() {
		driver = new RecheckDriver( new ChromeDriver() ); // Wrap your driver in a 'RecheckDriver' to enable all recheck-web features
	}

	@AfterEach
	void tearDown() {
		driver.quit(); // Close your driver after the test
	}

	@Test
	void login_with_invalid_credentials_should_produce_error_message_and_clear_inputs() throws Exception {
		driver.get( "https://example.com" ); // Go to your login page

		final WebElement user = driver.findElement( By.id( "user" ) ); // Find the user input element
		user.sendKeys( "admin" ); // Type the user 'admin'

		final WebElement password = driver.findElement( By.id( "user" ) ); // Find the password input element
		user.sendKeys( "invalid" ); // Type an invalid password

		final WebElement login = driver.findElement( By.id( "login" ) ); // Find the login button
		login.click(); // Press the button to initiate the login process
	}
}
```

> !!! warning

Reviewer: Shouldn't this include the same warnings as above?
